just to say two things
physical conditions then the conditions
as you saw during the match col
catania and suffered a blunt trauma that
as a consequence all this trauma took place
an important hematoma is developed
primacy but at thigh level
left which has been well highlighted
even with the instrumental investigations here it is
has been submitted in the specific case the
MRI scan
right now we're doing the treatment
is doing some physiotherapy
is a phase in the rehabilitation phase e
I would say that it was an important trauma
one of the many traumas also suffered in the
last is the last game but not only
even in the previous games it was
a little soccer-like
massacred and just now you are
re-educating and navigating on sight
let's take a look at what those are
day and day conditions then
also from a prognostic point of view
let's see let's see June day
then to evaluate the assumptions on there
when they repeat to enter
day by day or according to yours
clinical and instrumental conditions of the
investigations that will be submitted to this
since he had a patch
on the knee it had indeed lasted chickpea
we keep the fruit of half a gram of a
yet another drama that has suffered as
those you love print them well
as I said before the po comes
targeted and therefore therefore
honestly a little must be must
be ready medium and now
more protected he said from this
point of view of the heritage but it
knee that never had the trauma
sprained ankle if this was it
something born already old
and then now bruised to the level of
cross
so we don't miss anything
but we and I will sail again navigate
on sight and we see we evaluate day by day
day also because I repeat he is a boy
that appliances potential as of
we see we do not set limits to the
providence
despite being aware of the situation and
of the importance of the immediately sonorous trauma
this is surely yes